Title: Web Data Connector

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A Leading Marketing Tech Firm in Australia Industry Type:Marketing Services:Marketing Solutions Organization Size:50+ To make a software code that takes data from a source and ingests it into a database present on a server. The scripts should automatically execute after regular intervals of time. The client had several data sources that were updated with new data regularly. The client wanted software that triggers itself automatically and takes data from those data sources and ingests it into a database that is hosted on a Linode server. Also, the date parameters in the query should be changed dynamically using the current date. Further, we had to assist in setting up the Tableau BI tool on the client’s PC and connect the Postgres database to the tableau. Linode server VS Code Python Bash PSQL. Python programming Postgres SQL Linux scripting Postgres Linode This solution helps in maintaining a copy of all data sources inside our Postgres database. Also, the data is 24/7 available. Since data inside the Postgres is updated regularly, graphs in the tableau are also up to date. https://github.com/X360pro/Web-connector-for-tableu We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd