Title: Datawarehouse, and Recommendations Engine for AirBNB

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading hotels chain in the USA Industry Type:Real Estate, Hospitality Services:Hostpitality Organization Size:1000+ To download the data from the servers using Cyberduck on the daily basis and perform data engineering on it. We created a Python Script which performs the task and create property and forward master files, which we deliver to client on weekly basis. Two csv files named property master file and forward master file to be delivered weekly after applying various steps. PyCharm, PowerBi, Cyberduck, Microsoft Excel. Python Programming Language is used to create scripts performing Data Manipulation in different files. SDLC is a process followed for a software project, within a software organization. It consists of a detailed plan describing how to develop, maintain, replace and alter or enhance specific software. The life cycle defines a methodology for improving the quality of software and the overall development process. We are using Iterative Waterfall SDLC Model as we have to follow our development of software in phases and we also need feedback on every step of the development of our project so as to keep track of the occurring changes with every step. Figure 1 SDLC Iterative Waterfall Model Skills such as Data Pre-processing, cleaning, and data manipulation are used in this project. We used traditional way of storing the data i.e file systems. Cyberduck, which is a libre server and cloud storage browser for Mac and Windows with support for FTP, SFTP, WebDAV, Amazon S3 etc, was used in this project with Amazon S3 servers. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd