Title: CallRail, Analytics & Leads Report Alert

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading Marketing firm in the USA Industry Type:Marketing Services:Marketing consulting Organization Size:100+ Prepare an annual report for the companies and upload it to database. Data is from callrail and contains call analytics. Use CallRail API to get data from database. Set time window to be one year. Filter out excess data Prepare report Upload to BigQuery A working deployed automated tool that runs once a year in the morning hours and uploads the data to BigQuery. Tool is in prototype phase and hence is operational for 2 companies. Heroku CallRail API BigQuery Python Data extraction, cleaning and summarising BigQuery –  lead_report_alert_callrail Heroku Working on a large amount of data since a year’s data contains hundred of thousands of records Optimized code for faster processing. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd