Title: Advanced AI for Trading Automation

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading tech firm in Europe Industry Type:Banking & Finance Services:Trading, and financial services Organization Size:100+ The Problem Create an automated trading application with fully automated trading capabilities from selecting pair of assets to buying/selling assets. This application uses AI to decide what action to take while trading. Our Solution We have integrated coin_api with the application from which data is extracted. We have created the homepage for this application. We have changed the code structure of the front end to make it more fast and efficient. Solution Architecture An application, where the first automated top asset pair selection happens. If the coins are co-integrated, then only one indicator must be executed else trading starts based on 2 indicators. The AI agent will take specific action to trade based on the algorithm. Deliverables We have removed the old API and integrated the new api with the application. We have altered the code structure of the front end to make the code faster and more efficient. Tools used Visual studio code Language/techniques used Python Skills used Django Databases used SQlite Web Cloud Servers used Digital Ocean What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution We faced an issue while integrating coin api with the application while retrieving the data. To retrieve the data using the coin api, we need to input a symbol id. This symbol id is a combination of exchange_name, symbol_type, currency_we_want_to_trade, and quote_currency. There are N coins that can be retrieved using coin api. There are more than multiple exchanges, multiple symbol types, and multiple quote currencies for ONE SINGLE COIN. This makes there is a huge no. Of combinations for one single coin. This made the execution of the api integration very slow. How the Technical Challenges were Solved We created one drop-down for exchange selection, one drop-down for symbol type selection, one drop for coin, and one drop-down for quote currency selection. The user selects these, and in the backend, a combination is created and is sent as input to the coin api code and the data is retrieved without slowing down the process. Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd