Title: Create a Knowledge Graph to Provide Real-time Analytics, Recommendations, and a Single Source of Truth

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:Retail Services:Retail Business Organization Size:100+ The Client was using NoSql Database which was slow and did not provide real-time response for complex queries. The data had many Connections and it was difficult to represent them in NoSQL or Relational Databases. Create a Knowledge Graph and Provide Real-time Analytics and Recommendations using Machine Learning. Neo4j was Installed on a Cloud VM based on Linodes. Knowledge graphs and Data Pipelines are used to Populate the Graph. API’s to Perform CRUD operations in real-time. Node-Relationship model Neo4j Linode Integration of Firestore with Neo4j without any native integration method or driver. The challenge was solved by using api to retrieve data from Firestore. Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd