Title: Real Estate Data Warehouse

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading Real Estate firm in the EU Industry Type:Real Estate Services:Real Estate Organization Size:1000+ The objective of this project is to build a data warehouse from a website given search and filter criteria. The objective of this project is to collect data from a website given search and filter criteria. Data Brief: Filters: Contains a list of the federal states in Germany to Crawl: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/States_of_Germany   We have developed a Python tool that crawls and scrapes all the apartment listings for all the states in Germany under each category namely: mieten wohnungen, kaufen wohnungen, kaufen anlageobjekte and kaufen grundstuck. The Scrapy library has been used to crawl and scrape. Beautiful soup could have also been used for the scraping purpose, but for the sake of consistency, Scrapy has been used for both purposes. Scrapy is an application framework for crawling web sites and extracting structured data which can be used for a wide range of useful applications, like data mining, information processing or historical archival. Even though Scrapy was originally designed forweb scraping, it can also be used to extract data using APIs (such asAmazon Associates Web Services) or as a general purpose web crawler. Four Spiders have been created for each category to be scraped. Every spider crawls all the states in Germany and scrapes all the apartment listings for important data. Every spider creates a separate JSON file to store all its data. This data is then converted to CSV using another python script called “conversion”. The python tool has been completely automated and only needs the “Controller” script to be run. The script also has the capability of running every two weeks automatically. Four CSV files (one for each category): Mieten Wohnungen.csv Kaufen Wohnungen.csv Kaufen Anlageobjekte.csv Kaufen Grundstuck.csv We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd