Title: Advanced AI for Pedestrian Crossing Safety

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading tech firm in the Middle East Industry Type:Security Services:Security services Organization Size:100+ Traffic Signals are inefficient because even if there are no cars or no pedestrians on the road it still works on a timer and stops the traffic or pedestrian unnecessarily. We provide a Computer vision-logic to Manipulate the traffic signal to work such that it turns red only when x number of pedestrians are waiting to cross the signal. There was no existing solution and we had to create the logic from scratch. Researching Computer Vision. Learning new Techniques and Experimentation. Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd