Title: Data Management for a Political SaaS Application

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:IT Services:SaaS, Products Organization Size:100+ As per the guidelines and discussion. Political Research Automated Data Acquisition (PRADA) in the following phases which included. 1. Get pics for existing EOs (Elected Officials) 2. Get new EOs and Pictures. 3. Run QA checks regularly on EOs 4. Get data from government Facebook pages. 5. Geospatial project: Create a new version of provided KML without using google earth.  Creating a nested directories which contained description and Map-URL at the designated location. 6. Get data of US States and Counties(Including Boroughs and Parishes) By building an automated generated structured data that allows a non – programmer to create a config for each page allowing a bot to scrap and update the data. We created an automated python scripts for designated phases with respective requirements. Solutions to various type of problems varied such as most of data scrapping automation was done through python developed scripts including the geospatial KML task. In addition to this different ranges of data was scrapped generated directed output for the respective tasks in the form of CSV format. So the user’s main aim requirement was achieved i.e. a non programmer could create a con-fig and initiate a bot to scrap the required data. The majority task of project consisted of web data scraping automation so a high- level overview, and specific implementation details of project shall will be as follows: None. All the structured data was in the form of either python Data Frames, CSV or Excel Sheets. Chrome driver initiated Chrome driver visiting the directed links and accessing the image URLs Directed to next linkKML task Facebook Data extraction  Data of State Governments of US  Accessing links through wiki directing to counties Nesting within the list of counties of a particular stateFinding and Extracting link of the website of County The GitHub repository link:- https://github.com/AjayBidyarthy/Paul-Andr-Savoie/tree/main Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd