Title: Data Warehouse to Google Data Studio (Looker) Dashboard

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:IT Services:SaaS, Products, healthcare, government, energy Organization Size:100+ Our client needed a Google Data Studio dashboard for different sectors such as Oil and Gas, Government, Healthcare, and Sales analysis. They want to see an analysis of data from which they can provide insights in different domains. They want us to create visual KPIs of meaningful insights. They provided us with data for different sectors. Using those data first we analyze the data and perform EDA on data for cleaning the data. After cleaning the data, we performed calculations to extract insights for KPIs. Using those KPIs we build a dashboard on Oil and Gas, Government, Healthcare, and Sales analysis. To build the dashboard we follow the pipeline as follows: Data 🡪 EDA(Cleaning data )🡪 Connection(GDS) 🡪 Building KPIs(Visuals) Google Data Studio EDA, Google data studio During the project execution, we faced the following challenges: To solve the technical challenges, we provided following solutions as follow: Using these dashboards client can visualize the sales insights and understand the workflow. They can take crucial decisions based on these insights which will help them to make an impact on their sales. Sales Dashboard: Government Dashboard: Oil and Gas Dashboard: Hospital Analysis: Dashboards on Google Data Studio: 1.Government:-https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/dda94ce8-5b77-46aa-a1e0-1a57ccaef5f9 2.Oil:-https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/47c6529e-1355-4072-babf-1a96f9f842cf 3.Healthcare:-https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/b1e95a11-4380-465c-ad45-2d1995c799fb 4.Sales:-https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/36ec0e42-6b77-4fbb-9dea-760cccaa741f Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd