Title: A web-based dashboard for the filtered data retrieval of land records

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A Leading Real Estate Firm in the USA Industry Type:Real Estate Services:Land, Infrastructure, Real Estate, Investment Organization Size:100+ The client’s own raw database needed to be converted into a dynamic web application with modern features like user management and subscription where users could explore land records as per their wish. Created the web application as per client needs. Added user functionality to handle signup/logins and added authorization middlewares to protect routes from unwanted access. Transformed raw data into a meaningful NoSQL-based database with a proper schema being served as an instance on a cloud service named ‘ MongoDB Atlas ‘. Pushed code to the required GitHub repository. – Vanilla javascript – Javascript Frameworks ( Nodejs, express , cors ) – Postman – JavsScript – Backend Service setup ( express, cors , js ) – Fronted logic setup ( HTML , CSS , JavaScript , Jquery ) Backend: An API service created to handle land records database and queries made by users. Frontend: A frontend client is available as a web application where users can signup and access land records. JavaScript Programming, APIs, JavaScript Frameworks ( NodeJS, Express  , cors ) , Web Design, NoSQL querying in MongoDB. MongoDB (NoSQL) MongoDB Atlas – UI component creation – User authorization middleware creation – Querying data in NoSQL – Created and extended UI components to handle filters like owners, date fields, and area ranges on land records. – API and Frontend are separately built for easier team management of tasks. – Using a cloud-based MongoDB instance provided support for teams to work without any problems with accessibility. – Created a platform for clients’ business. – Transformed his raw data into meaningful business applications. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd