Title: Data integration and big data performance using Elasticsearch

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A Leading Tech Firm in the USA Industry Type:IT & Consulting Services:Software, Business Solutions, Consulting Organization Size:200+ Migrate existing databases from Postgres to elastic search since Elasticserach performs better in search operations. In addition to this, all of the backend javascript also needed to be changed in order to query the new elasticsearch database. The client’s website was a visualization tool. It also had GUI to add filters. To make the visualizations, at least 50,000 records needed to be pulled from the Postgres database whose size would be around 200mbs. This would take a lot of time (nearly 20-30 secs). Adding filters would take additional time. So our task was to move the entire database over to Elasticsearch from postgres since it is way more faster in search operations and also filtering data. Since the database was changed, we also had to write new backend code that would now query the Elasticsearch database. Elasticsearch Postman Kibana Logstash Python Javascript Amazon Web Services Postgres Docker Git Bucket Github Javascript Json Domain-Specific Language for elasticsearch bash Elasticsearch query knowledge Postgres query knowledge Networking Javascript Backend web stack Postgres Elasticsearch Amazon Web Services (AWS) To solve the above mentioned problem, we used gzip in the request url’s header. This significantly reduced the execution times. Earlier postgres infrastructure which took around 20-30 secs now too consistently less than 10 secs to perform filter and search operations. This would contribute to a better user experience. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd