Title: Dashboard to track the analytics of the website using Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A Automobile firm in India Industry Type:Automobile Services:Retail, Automobile Organization Size:1000+ The project objectives are as follows: This project includes assisting the client to study the user flow and behaviour flow of the users on the websites. It had one main website and three other sub websites to analyse the button clicks, impressions and understanding the user’s behaviour on the website. Many events were to be tracked and converted to a dashboard in Google Data Studio to make it simpler to understand. This project was created to give this data in a way that companies can readily understand through the use of visualisations. The graphs will show the increase/decrease in any of the metrics, as well as the manner in which the increase/decrease occurs. It will display all of the crucial data monthly or even by date range to help you keep track of the changes that occur. The main aim of this project is to display the event flow, user flow and behaviour flow through dashboards and analyse them to work on the areas of improvements. Google Analytics: Google Analytics is integral to tracking and measuring data from a number of digital platforms, but especially web metrics and customer behaviour. For example, through Google Analytics, you can see when people drop out of the buying process, perhaps they abandon while on the cart page, which would then inform your decisions on how to improve the check-out process. Because Google Analytics measures traffic from a variety of devices and sources and integrates with other online platforms, such as Google Ads, it is a handy tool to get an overview of your business’s digital analytics. Google Tag Manager: Google Tag Manager is a tag management system (TMS) that allows you to quickly and easily update measurement codes and related code fragments collectively known as tags on your website or mobile app. Once the small segment of Tag Manager code has been added to your project, you can safely and easily deploy analytics and measurement tag configurations from a web-based user interface. When Tag Manager is installed, your website or app will be able to communicate with the Tag Manager servers. You can then use Tag Manager’s web-based user interface to set up tags, establish triggers that cause your tag to fire when certain events occur, and create variables that can be used to simplify and automate your tag configurations.A Tag Manager container can replace all other manually-coded tags on a site or app, including tags from Google Ads, Google Analytics, Floodlight, and 3rd party tags. Google Data Studio Dashboards: The dashboards preview the important metrics related to the websites using graphs, tables to understand the trends, patterns in the users. The following steps were carried out for the project: The main deliverable for this project were dashboards on Google Data Studio depicting important metrics related to website performance. There were three sub websites for which there were two types of views each. Each of the views had several buttons related to the product. The project was about finding the user flow and event flow on the views. The main technical challenge faced was that there were multiple events setup in Google Analytics for one event and thus identifying a particular one was difficult. We had to communicate with the client to clarify about the event names. Although this took some time but it was necessary since accurateness of data is very essential for the project. This analysis helps to improve website performance, understanding user behavior, understanding the impact of business campaigns and improvising the UI/UX to increase their potential users. Having insight into your clients’ behaviour and demographics can help you make decisions about serving them the right products at the right time for maximum chances of a sale. Such data could include a client’s persona, such as their age, location, and areas of interest. Some of the common metrics that are important in digital analytics include: Dashboard metrics: Some examples are pages per visit, bounce rate, and average duration of each visit. Conversion rate: This indicates whether the goal of your website was achieved, be it a sale of a product, a free giveaway, or a subscription to a newsletter. Source/Medium Analysis: This analysis helps in understanding the traffic sources and medium on the website. This helps the businesses to work on strengthening the traffic sources to get better reach to the target audience. Traffic Analysis: The overall traffic analysis for the website provides information regarding the important metrics like users,avg. session duration and goal completions according to different source/medium. This will help the  business to analyse different traffic channels performances. Figure 1: Tracking of Buttons for Triber Virtual Studio Figure 2: Triber Goal Conversions Figure 3: Kiger 360 Experience Website Tracking  Figure 4: Traffic Medium Analysis Figure 5: Overview of Dashboard Metrics Figure 6: Kiger Studio Experience Website Website URL: https://www.renault.co.in/ Dashboard URL: We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd