Title: Data from CRM via Zapier to Google Sheets (Dynamic) to PowerBI

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading solar panel firm in the USA Industry Type:Energy Services:Solar Panel Organization Size:500+ Solar Panel organization from America wants to keep track of sales data. They want to see the leadership dashboard of their organization in terms of sales. They also want to keep track of their campaigns and leads generated from sources of those campaigns. They want to keep track of sales data from different sources. First, we fetch the data from CRM to PowerBI. Clean the data of CRM using DAX and then perform calculations on the data. Using cleaned data, we build KPI on PowerBI. To complete the project, we follow the following data flow pipeline: Data from CRM 🡪 Zapier 🡪 Google Sheet (Dynamic) 🡪PowerBI PowerBI, DAX Language CRM, Zapier , PowerBI, Google Sheet Challenges Faced during the Project Execution : Solution: Using this Dashboard client can make important decisions like from which campaign they are getting a greater number of leads and out of those leads how many are actually a Sale. They can keep track of their sales leadership of employee of the month in term of sales. CRM Zapier Dashboard Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd