Title: Making a robust way to sync data from airtables to mongoDB using python – ETL Solution

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:IT Services Services:SAAS services, Marketing services, Business consultant Organization Size:100+ Equilo is a social impact start-up focused on gender equality and social inclusion. We need to link data in Airtable (1 million+ records spread across 20+ bases) to MongoDB (v3.x.x).Most of the data is backend data for our app, in which case the flow is only AT to MDB.Need to create a code that can calculate a scores by pulling from indicators in many different bases and putting result in new database. Used Python and MongoDB module along with Airtable API to fetch all the data from airtables and push them to the database. Stayed in touch with the client through slack and asana completing daily tasks and applying a cronjob for the program to run on a scheduled time. Python code for sync into their staging server and then to production. Airtable Main challenge faced was regarding the new concept of Airtables and syncing up the data into mongodb in a very complex schema as proposed by the client. Dissimilar columns in mongoDB and Airtables for 100s of tables took lot of time. Also insufficient information provided by client while coding and the previous versions codes that had been written only to discover them on a later stage caused a lot of problem. Not proper code management which could help next coders like me to complete the remaining stuff quickly. These issues were solved by lot of self study and evaluation and then asking the exact question to client which they would then answer. For eg: whereabouts of the previous codes and people who run that code. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd