Title: Population and Community Survey of America

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading marketing firm in the USA Industry Type:Marketing services & Consulting Services:Marketing consultant Organization Size:100+ Project ‘Population and Community Survey of America’ objective were to perform Data Abstraction, Data Structurization, Data Preprocessing, Data Cleaning, and Combining Data from all the years listed and finally presenting insights of the data by Exploratory Data Analysis. For Project ‘Population and Community Survey of America’ task involved fetching json and unformatted csv data from numerous web links further needed to process data, handling nested JSON, data conversion of JSON data in dataframe, performing certain pandas operation for feature selection and structuring data. Concat all this data into one csv file then handle missing value by mapping with another dataset finally perform certain data visualization and exploratory data analysis. Module 1: Data Abstraction The process of data abstraction involves collecting data from numerous web links from Year 2005 to 2017 and viewing the data using JSON viewer in tree format. Module 2: Data Chunking and Integration Was unable to process data in pandas so performed data chunking with chunksize 10000 rows at a time for year 2005 likewise performed for all other years data till 2017 and finally combined all the dataframes into one containing all data from year 2005 to 2017. Module 3: Handling Complexity of Nested Data & format the Unformatted CSV Files Handling unformatted CSV in proper comma separated format so that data frame can be formed. Dataframe produced after merging for all the years from 2005 to 2017 contains a lot of nested JSON data among certain attributes so performed normalization of nested Json forming new_columns naming them based on their attributes key. 2.2.4 Module 4: Data Cleaning and Preprocessing Involves handling missing value, contraction mapping with another dataset to fill the missing State_Zip_Code column, handling inf and -inf within the dataset for some attributes and forming a new column population_ratio based on passing formula among other attributes. 2.2.5 Module 5: Data Analysis This step involves forming a correlation matrix to understand the relation between numeric attributes. performed Exploratory Data Analysis on strong correlated attributes to understand pattern/relation between them. After completion of Project we provided: ● Jupyter Notebook ● Anaconda ● Notepad++ ● Sublime Text ● Brackets ● Python 3.4 ● JSON Viewer ● Python ● ETL Techniques ● Advanced Excel Formatting My project ‘Population and Community Survey of America’ developed with a software model which makes the project high quality, reliable and cost effective. ● Software Model : RAD(Rapid Application Development model) Model ● This Project follows a RAD Model as our model is not forming the loop from end to the start, also my project was based on prototyping without any specific planning. In the RAD model, there is less attention paid to the planning and more priority is given to the development tasks. It targets developing software in a short span of time. ● Advantages of RAD Model: o Changing requirements can be accommodated. o Progress can be measured. o Iteration time can be short with use of powerful RAD tools. o Productivity with fewer people in a short time. o Reduced development time. o Increases reusability of components. o Quick initial reviews occur. o Encourages customer feedback. o Integration from very beginning solves a lot of integration issues No Database is used in this project, only used Google Drive for Storing and Transferring Data. No Web Server is Used Data Cleaning and Filling out Missing Values by Data mapping with another dataset as the Data was not in proper format in the another dataset. Data Cleaning was done using a few built in pandas operations to deal with Missing Values, Ordering Data Columns, Data Formatting, Changing of data types and many more. Filling of remaining Missing Data from columns using Outer Join among the datasets and using Map Function of Python. Figure 1: Input Data Schema for Year 2008 Figure 2: Output Data Schema from Year 2005 to 2017 Figure 3: Dataset for Year 2008 figure 3 is pandas dataset of year 2008 which has 169595 rows and 25 columns which was fetched from authenticated survey web portal, data obtained were in JSON format which were converted into pandas dataframe likewise there are dataframes created from year 2005 to 2017. Figure 4:  Output Preprocessed Dataset figure 4 is an output preprocessed dataset from 2005 to 2017 which has 26,41,363 rows and 25 columns. Figure 5: Describing Numeric Data of Preprocessed Dataset Figure 6: Bar plot of attribute state_name figure 6 represents the bar plot among the state_name on the final output dataset from year 2005 till 2017. Figure 7: KDE Graph for all numeric population data column of dataset figure 7 represents the Kernel Density Estimate Plot(KDE) among all Population estimate data columns for the Preprocessed Dataset. KDE plot is a method for visualizing the distribution of observations in a dataset, analogous to a histogram. KDE represents the data using a continuous probability density curve in one or more dimensions. Plotted many more graphs apart this between highly correlated attributes like pair plot, box plot, line plot etc. Figure 8: Flow Chart We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd