Title: NLP-based Approach for Data Transformation

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:IT Services:SaaS, Products Organization Size:100+ Performing Readability and Quality testing on the text corpus from text files The intention was to create a tool/system that can consume text files through a given csv file having a path for all the text files through this csv file our tool should be able to read all files one by one and could perform some tests and analysis on that text data and output the results in a csv format presenting all the metrics. In order to achieve this goal we created a Python-based ready-to-use code that will read all text files presented in the given csv files and perform 14 different evaluations on that text data and save the results in a excel and csv based format. The final deliverable was the tool/system/code for processing and evaluation text. Python Programming The architecture of the solution for this project problem statement was simple, no challenges were faced during the execution of the project. Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd