Title: Big Data solution to an online multivendor marketplace eCommerce business

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading eCommerce firm in the USA, Columbia, India, and Latin America Gangalapromotes local shops selling a wide variety of products at great prices. Easily find the best offers using our price comparison tool. It’s a WIN WIN for … Industry Type:eCommerce Services:e-commerce, retail business Organization Size:100+ To give User experience of easy and convenient Shopping by searching all the products like any medicines , Clothes , Gadgets etc in a single Website without going through all the E-Commerce Sites and make shopping easy and get the most affordable and best product. It’s an E-Commerce Sites that’s helps customer to compare different  products that were available on different E-Commerce Sites like Flipkart , Amazon , Netmeds etc.It’s helps the user to visit only one sites to get what they need and find the perfect product without visiting all the sites.The gives the user a great and friendly Experience in Buying any Products.It’s Also have some Unique Similar Products Recommendation Based on user search and also have a ChatBot That’s solves User Query .It’s uses Big data and Rest API that’s help the projects for regular updates and regular fetching of the new products. In BlackCoffer We create the flow of the Big Data and all Backend Solution That is requires for this futuristic E-Commerce Sites.We Create Pipelines for the data of all the products and their price and url fetch from different E-Commerce Sites using Custom made APIs And perform many data cleaning, data transformation and data validation techniques to make sure the standard of data to be used by Our Sites .We also get Additional Feature from the scraped data By using Different APIs . We also create automation and custom python scripts that helps us to achieve some outstanding data related tasks. Python script for performing ETL and Cypher Query for big data Handling. https://gangala.in/ We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd