Title: AWS QuickSight Reporting Dashboard

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist OverviewAs a Singapore and Australia based startup, Drive lah (known as Drive mate in Australia) is a peer-to-peer car sharing platform where you can rent a large variety of cars, always nearby at great value. All trips on Drive lah are comprehensively insured through our insurance partners so car owners don’t have to worry about their insurance. The idea is simple: car ownership is expensive in Singapore (per month yet only use the car 5% of the time – cars are mostly parked. With Drive lah you can reduce the cost of ownership by renting it out when you don’t need it in a safe way. Renters can rent those cars when they are not used by their owners at good value.In a fast-growing non-ownership economy where taxi, food, beauty is available on-demand, Drive lah is envisioning to take the lead in distance travel and simplifying car access Websitehttp://www.drivelah.sgCompany size11-50 employeesFounded2019 Automating the process to get updated Metrics every week. Evaluate the following Performance Metrics which will be used on AWS Quick Sight for Performance Evaluations: Build Code for extracting Daily Agent Activity Report on Daily Basis. For Performance Metrics, we suggested that we will Code for each Metric & will store them in a Table on AWS RDS which will be directly synced to the AWS Quick Sight for Performance Evaluations. For Automating the process to get updated Tables of Metrics every week, we suggested to use a Virtual Machine on which we can upload all code files & can run a Cron Job for each file to automatically get updated on specified time every week. Python Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) Tried with AWS Lambda Function to update tables on AWS RDS but Lambda Function was unable to run complete code. Suggested to use a Virtual Machine on which we can upload our Code Files & can run Cron Job for automatically updating tables on regularly basis. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd