Title: Recommendation Engine for Insurance Sector to Expand Business in the Rural Area

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading insurance firm in the globe Industry Type:Insurance Services:SaaS, Products, Insurance Organization Size:10000+ BangDB is the platform that manages the static data stored on the cluster and also works with live streaming data as Hadoop does. Wherever the bangdb is able to manage machine learning model deployment with their inbuilt parameter and hyper tuning parameters for each model. Streaming data from the client which relates to the customer details and the numbers of products offered by the client on their platform, such as Insurance, loans (Business Loans and Personal Loans), Mobile recharge, UPI transactions done by their platform, etc. They wanted the recommendation of other services provided by them to each of their customers who are using their platform. This Project Module develops according to the Clients Requirements which involves item-based collaborative filtering based on customer behaviour, Firstly classify the customers into various segments on the basis of age, location, gender, and product usage. On the basis of RFM (marketing tactics to classify the customer on the basis of their purchase history, amount spend, and frequency of usage of product) classify them and recommend them the other services based on item-based collaborative filtering. We generated the synthetic data (90 Million events) for the testing of the recommendation model and its accuracy for recommending the other products to customers. –   KPI of the Customers –   Recommendation model –   Graph databased model –   Data Generation code based on python (using copula-based on PyTorch) -K means model for clustering -Recommendation Engine model -Collaborative based filtering model – Machine learning – NoSQL Database – Graph database – Data Generation using python – Linux – Data Visualization – BangDB – Graph Database – Microsoft MYSQL server Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd