Title: CRM, Monday.com via Zapier to Power BI Dashboard

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading solar panel firm in the USA Industry Type:Energy Services:Solar Panel Organization Size:200+ Mohsin has Solar Panel Company. He has setup CRMs for that. He wanted to use CRMs data and want to visualize the leads in PowerBI First, we check CRMs thoroughly and understand the work culture of his company. It was not easy to fetch data into PowerBI using API key. To fetch new leads from CRMs we used Zapier. The limitation of Zapier is it cannot fetch historical data into spreadsheet. So we download data from CRMs and fetch it into spreadsheet. For new leads we created zaps for every instance. After that we connect the spreadsheet with PowerBI and clean the data accordingly. Using that data, we build KPIs according to client need. API , Zapier , Spreadsheet , PowerBI M language , DAX API , M language , DAX , PowerBI First challenge was to fetch data from CRMs using API key. Data we were getting was uncleaned and were not able to fetch all data. If there were multiple pages in the CRMs we will not be able to fetch all data from the pages. Technical challenge in this project was to extract data from CRMs. So for that we used Zapier connector from CRMs to spreadsheet. But there was some limitation with Zapier that it will not fetch the historical data of our CRMs. So to solve that we download all historical data from CRMs and append it to the spreadsheet we were using. We fetch new leads to our spreadsheet using Zapier. By doing this now we have all the data historical and new lead which will be pushed by Zapier.Then we fetch the data to our PowerBI and do some cleaning in data. By using cleaned data, we build the KPIs for our client according to there requirements. Client will be able keep track on his company data on PowerBI and it helps them to make decisions accordingly. CRMs Zapier PowerBI Dashboard Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd