Title: Traction Dashboards of Marketing Campaigns and Posts

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading Marketing firm in the USA Industry Type:Marketing Services:Marketing consulting Organization Size:100+ We are testing AWS Comprehend. I performed a key phrase analysis of our LinkedIn posts. We have an output file. Now we need your help to visualize the data so that we can interpret it.I also have the original export file from LinkedIn. I want to answer this business question:For the LinkedIn posts that received the highest engagement, which keywords, phrases, and hashtags were most commonly used? I want to match up Engagement Rate with key phrase analysis. The business question is this: For the LinkedIn posts that received the highest engagement, what were the most common keywords, phrases and hashtags used? Beyond matching to Engagement Rate, please check if there is a way to also view the data according to Impressions and Likes. Data Driven Dashboards which will give the summary of Most used words, keywords, Phrases and also Analysis of Posts as per their interaction with their audience. Two Dashboard Links in which First dashboardrepresents Key Phrase analysis of the output by AWS Comprehend. Second Dashboardrepresents the Linked In data Analysis Python, Google Data studio Python Python and Data Studio MongoDB Google Data Studio One of the major problem was to match the output of AWS Comprehend data with the data of excel sheet to find out which posts received maximum interactions and make a dashboard out of it. Working on the output.json file in code editor and comparing it to the Linked In data sheet to check the accuracy of the output file with each post. 1 Key Phrase Analysis Dashboard https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/efbabbff-55ba-4326-8133-78ae304aeb99 2 Linked IN Data Analysis Dashboard https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/3525e1c1-6c4f-4613-b260-d6e975fe1652  We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd