Title: Azure Data Lake and Power BI Dashboard

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist OverviewStone is a video bibliographic tool for journalists and other researchers. It allows users to capture, annotate and share their journeys through digital and physical space, producing verifiable logs and generating monetizeable video highlight reels that can be embedded in digital and other media – showcasing key moments and telling the story behind the story. Our mission is to address distrust and disinformation with transparency and authenticity, while simultaneously tilting the information ecosystem in favour of quality original work. Research is valuable. Make it Visible. Write In Stone. Websitehttp://www.writeinstone.comCompany size2-10 employeesHeadquartersBlackheath, New South WalesFounded2017SpecialtiesResearch Transparency, Trust, Video Content, Journalism, Proof Of Work, and Bibliographic Standards Built a Power BI dashboard as per the requirement. Also built a separate dashboard for the metric data from Azure. Power BI dashboard which contains indicators funnels, new indicators(Research logged, Average number of Highlights per projects, Total hours of content watched etc), visualizations  extracted from metric data. Difficulty in data collection. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd