Title: Impact of news, media, and press on innovation, startups, and investments

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading research institution in the word Industry Type:Research, R&D Services:R&D Organization Size:1000+ Make data ready for predictive modelling. Making Google Data Studio dashboard. Phase – 1: In this project first of all we have to clean the data as the data was very noisy, we have to filter out only the needed columns of the data. Phase – 2: Finding co-relation between the pitchbook data and the other output files. Phase – 3: Making dashboard in Google Data Studio for the project. We used pandas and numpy to clean the data and make useful for it to be used in predictive modelling. We have found the co-relation between the tempa msa pitchbook data and the output files like textual file, ai_ml_tm file etc. We have made the dashboard using the Google Data Studio. We have provided a excel file consisting of clean data and the Google Data Studio report. Python, Google Data Studio, Google Chrome Python Programming Waterfall model used in this project. Data cleaning, Data Pre-processing, Data Visualisation are used in this project. We have used the traditional file systems as database storage. Cleaning the data was the major challenge faced while executing the project. The data has a lot of noise. It was difficult to find which data was useful and which data is not useful in this project. Secondly the co relation between the output files and pitchbook data. There was nothing common between both the datasets. So was difficult to find co-relation between them. We used pandas dataframe to clean the data and make it ready for predictive modelling and used the Google Data studio to find insights between the different datasets. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd