Title: Data Management, ETL, and Data Automation

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:IT Services:SaaS, Products Organization Size:100+ To extract the data for the given keywords from the listed websiteshttps://www.ferguson.com/,https://www.bakerdist.com/,https://www.hajoca.com/,https://www.carrier.com/residential/en/us/,https://www.gemaire.com/,https://www.fwwebb.com/and store the count of each keywords for each website it in an Excel File. A list of websites is provided from which we were supposed to find out the mentioned keywords and store their respective counts for each website in an Excel sheet with different tabs for different set of keywords. We used Selenium as well as Bs4(Beautiful Soup) to extract data from the given websites. To accomplish the given task, 2 tools were developed for each website. Extracted content from all the websites was stored in their respective text files. After that number of keywords in the text were counted using substring and count method and stored the keyword and its corresponding count in an Ordered Dictionary and then the count was transferred to a list and Excel file was created for the same. Counts received from search tool and content tool were combined and final output file was created. Python Interpreter Language Used: Python Libraries used: BeautifulSoup, collection.OrderedDict, pandas, requests, xlsxwriter, selenium.webdriver Some of the websites cannot be accessed using Indian IP address as it was having captchas. Also, we cannot go to each and every page by clicking the results and get the count. To bypass the captcha and reach the website, we need to use VPN of Singapore. And to get access to each and every page of the website, we found out sitemap for each website which includes link to every page present in it. Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd