Title: Algorithmic trading for multiple commodities markets, like Forex, Metals, Energy, etc.

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A Leading Trading Firm in the USA Industry Type:Finance Services:Trading, Consulting, Software Organization Size:100+ A Trading site will have all the required features, allowing users to trade in multiple commodities markets, like Forex, Agriculture, Metals, Energy etc. Designed the website with technical indicators, and the ability to trade in live market, plus allows the user to create his/her own strategy to backtest. Functionalities like all types of technical indicators: Strategies are specific scripts, which are able to send, modify, execute, and cancel buy or sell orders and simulate real trading right on your chart. Backtesting is the process of recreating the work of your strategies on historical data, essentially all of your past strategic work. Forward testing allows for the recreation of your strategy work in real time, all while your charts refresh their data. A Fully functional trading platform that lets you customize technical indicators, create charts, and analyse financial assets. These indicators are patterns, lines, and shapes that millions of traders use every day. Platform designed is entirely browser-based, with no need to download a client. Allowing the user to use all types of indicators: Numpy pandas Python Clients want a social media network, analysis platform, and mobile app for traders and investors. So we designed a website with all the client’s requirements, where traders, investors, educators, and market enthusiasts can connect to share ideas and talk about the market. By actively participating in community engagement and conversation, you can accelerate your growth as a trader, and your ability to trade in the live market, plus allows the user to create his/her own strategy to backtest. A Fully functional trading platform that lets you customize technical indicators, create charts and analyze financial assets. These indicators are patterns, lines, and shapes that millions of traders use every day. Platform designed is entirely browser-based, with no need to download a client. Allowing the user to use all types of indicators We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd