Title: Electric Vehicles (EV) Load Management System to Forecast Energy Demand

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading energy consulting firm in the USA Industry Type:Energy Services:Energy solutions, Consultancy Organization Size:100+ Create a Machine learning solution to manage electricity for electric vehicles. Main Tasks: We need to calculate the date and time probability that the user will plugin his vehicle today based on his plugin date and plugin time history. We also need to decrease time probability based on the user’s past time range. We converted the user’s plugin data into binary values like 0 if the user hasn’t plugged-in his vehicle on that day and 1 if he plugged-in. We identified the driven distance based on the amount of charge used between two plug-in times. Then we trained the Ridge Regression ML model for identifying each day driven kilometer. From these kilometres we have identified the probability that user’s will plug-in today and it will increase day by day till the user does not plug-in his vehicle. For time probability we have used Probability Distribution Function (PDF) and Cumulative Distribution Function  (CDF). These functions will decrease probability according to the user’s time range. 2 python scripts to: Google Colab, VS Code, Google Drive, and MS Excel. Python programming language, Data Analytics with numpy and pandas, Data Visualization with matplotlib, Statistics and Mathematics, Machine learning with SKlearn. Ridge Regression Model Data Analytics, Data Visualization, Machine learning, Python, Statistics local data from MS Excel Sheet There are a lot of challenges faced during project execution We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd