Title: Equity Waterfalls Model-Based SaaS Application for Real Estate Sector

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading real estate firm in the USA Industry Type:real estate Services:Property business, investment, real estate Organization Size:100+ The objective is to create software that will calculate the equity waterfalls for different cases. And there should be 3 users admin, sponsor and investor. We need to create the equity waterfall calculation according to the csv file that is shared by the client. All users have their own UI portal. The project is created using python language, working on django rest framework and for frontend we use reactjs and the code deployed on google cloud app engine service. We need to create a software that will calculate the equity waterfalls. And there should be 3 users admin, sponsor and investor. We need to create the calculation according to the csv file that is shared by the client. All users should have their own UI portal. Sponsors can create deals and send deal invitations to all investors or specific investors. Investors can see all the deals that are offered by the sponsor’s. After that Investors can subscribe that deal after subscription it is depending on sponsor that he will accept the investor subscription or not. We have created api’s that will calculate the equity waterfall calculation according to the selection of the waterfall tiers. Google cloud platform The technical issues faced during the project is how to calculate the equity waterfall calculation for different tiers and different cases. And also invite the sponsors by admin or sponsors invite their investors. We have used conditional statements in code and write different codes for different calculations. so that it will check which case we need to run and it will run accordingly. Added the functionality in which admin can invite the sponsors to the website and sponsors can invite their investor through sending the invitation link to their email. https://stackshares.io/dashboard/add-new-deal Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd