Title: Healthcare Data Analysis

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading healthcare tech firm in the USA Industry Type:Healthcare Consulting Services:Management consultant Organization Size:100+ The main objective of this project is to find the pattern in the vital signs of patients who were admitted to the hospital in past. And from this pattern, we get some ranges that help us to give early warnings. We are more interested in non-survivor patients’ vital signs as compare to survivor patients. we find patterns invital signsthat could better determine that patient died (ex. if Sp02 is below 70, patient in 95% of cases died, if Sp02 is below 50%, the death rate is 99.9%) or we can take correlations which can help us to find better patterns to define death cases. Data The dataset which was used for analysis here is taken from the mimic website. But the dataset is not in the correct format which we want, after some manipulation, we get the data ready for the analysis. Approach I can’t go with 1st option because a major part of the data has missing values. so, I decided to go with the second option and fill missing values with the average of upper and lower values. But before that, I filtered the data and take only those patients’ data who died in a hospital or survive. SQL MongoDB Google Cloud https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1mo7i32BoEVb0Ac6_CWwJd7_HVbliktx0?usp=sharing We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd