Title: Monday.com to KPI Dashboard to manage, view, and generate insights from the CRM data

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading energy firm in the USA Industry Type:Energy Services:Solar panel Organization Size:200+ Mohsin has CRM for his business where he has all data regarding leads of his clients. He wanted to see all his client appointments at one place. Client took subscription of Monday.com. It is an CRM where you can manage your work more easily in neat and clean user-friendly environment. We can easily track our task on Monday.com. Pipeline for Monday.com is very easy to use and also customized according to our needs. The challenging part of this project was to get CRM data on Monday.com dashboard. Client also has subscription of Zapier. Zapier is a connector which connect two apps to transfer data from each other. Zapier also has limitation to fetch limited type of data from CRM. Like for Mohsin CRM we can only fetch hot lead comes on CRM. But in his CRM there are also other functions like if a customer lead comes on CRM. They manually book appointment for that client. So there is no way to get that data from CRM. Issue for client was he has attached integrated four google calendar account with CRM so whenever he confirms appointment on CRM that data fetched on google calendar. But he has check manually one by one on each calendar which was bit hard task for him. So, we advised Monday.com where he can track all his task at one place. The challenging part of this project was to get CRM data on Monday.com dashboard.There is no direct integration of CRM and Monday.com to fetch data. To solve challenges, we used Zapier to get CRM data to dashboard of Monday.com. We used google calendar of client which were integrated with CRM. All the appointment confirmed leads were present on google calendar.Pipeline of Data: CRM 🡪 Google Calendar 🡪 Zapier 🡪 Monday.com Using the Monday.com dashboard client can easily track all appointments of customers. He can track data of his team members and connect with them at one place. He will not miss any of his meeting with customer. Monday.com also has timeline and calendar view using that client can see all activity of his work. CRM Calendar view Monday.com Google Calendar Zapier Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd