Title: MVP for a software that analyses content from audio (Pharma-based)

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading pharma-tech firm in the USA Industry Type:Healthcare Products & Services:Pharma Apps Organization Size:100+ The problem lies in creating a backend model for an application that records audio responses from students and uses AI to analyze the content. The backend needs to convert audio to text, transform the text into analytics KPIs, handle login/logout operations, and manage analytics API calls. The application should also calculate the cosine similarity of the student’s response with the expected response. To solve this problem, we will use Python as the primary programming language for backend development. The solution involves several steps:  The implementation of this backend model will have significant business impacts: These impacts align with the objectives of the business, making the project a high priority. The business impact analysis will ensure that the project is aligned with the organization’s strategic goals and that potential disruptions are identified and managed effectively  Domain and SSL setup is completed :https://www.pharmacyinterns.com.au/ Web App is running successfully on  URL –http://34.30.224.139/ Summarized: https://blackcoffer.com/ This project was done by the Blackcoffer Team, a Global IT Consulting firm. This solution was designed and developed by Blackcoffer TeamHere are my contact details:Firm Name: Blackcoffer Pvt. Ltd.Firm Website: www.blackcoffer.comFirm Address: 4/2, E-Extension, Shaym Vihar Phase 1, New Delhi 110043Email: ajay@blackcoffer.comSkype: asbidyarthyWhatsApp: +91 9717367468Telegram: @asbidyarthy We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd