Title: Power BI dashboard to drive insights from complex data to generate business insights

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading marketing firm in the USA Industry Type:Market Research Services:Marketing, Consultancy Organization Size:100+ Phase – 1: In this project first of all we have made heatmap between two columns named Author and Data Source. Then after two combining two tables named NY_data and nodeid_views made the report of all of the data. Phase – 2: Success of story was given by if pageviews is more than 35000, if pageviews lies between 3500-35000 the story was labelled as needs improvement and if it was below 3500 the story was labelled as failure. Phase – 3: The powerbi report was made to find different insights in the data like different tables were drawn between different attributes of data like pie chart, time series chart, comparison charts. The data is updated every week and the report is generated automatically. We provided them Phase 1 in the powerbi sql editor by combining two tables using sql queries. For phase 2 we just used the power bi program tool and written a script in Python to calculate the success of story. For Phase 3 we used the internal features of Power BI to find insights of the data. We have provided a PowerBI report file as deliverable for the project. Python, PowerBI, Google Chrome Python Programming and SQL queries editor. Waterfall model used in this project. Data cleaning, Data Pre-processing, Data Visualisation are used in this project. We have used the traditional file systems as database storage. We installed a new add on in the PowerBI to draw heatmap for the project and used the SQL editor to combine the tables on the basis of page views. We used python programming to convert the time series data to 5 minute time gap format. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd