Title: Sentimental Analysis on Shareholder Letter of Companies

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading financial firm in the USA Industry Type:Financial services & Consulting Services:Financial consultant Organization Size:100+ Project “Sentimental Analysis on Shareholder Letter of Companies” objective was to Predict the Sentiments columns Shareholder Letter in terms of Polarity and Subjectivity finally classification of data into positive, negative and neutral tone. The project ‘Sentimental Analysis on Shareholder Letter of US Companies’ task involved data cleaning on shareholder letters of different companies which includes lemmatization, lower case conversion, removing special character, \n , \t , punctuations, numbers & single character and tokenization. To generate polarity and subjectivity columns for the letter 1 & letter 2 columns using the Textblob library of NLTK. Based on the polarity categorizing it into positive, neutral  &  negative. i.  Lemmatisation ii. lower case conversion iii.  Removing Special character iv.  Removing \n , \t etc v.  remove punctuations, numbers & single character removal vi.  forming list of letter data using tqdm ● Jupyter Notebook ● Anaconda ● Notepad++ ● Sublime Text ● Brackets ● Python 3.4 My project ‘Sentimental Analysis on Shareholder Letter of Companies’ developed with a software model which makes the project high quality, reliable and cost effective. ● Software Model : Waterfall Model ● For Project ‘Sentimental Analysis on Shareholder Letter of US Companies’ is a Waterfall Model as our model is not forming the loop from end to the start using Textblob which predicts Sentiments, Polarity and Subjectivity as the output following the Waterfall Model. No Database is used to complete this project. No Web cloud Server was required for this work. I have worked before on tasks similar to this so there were no challenges faced but the data cleaning was a bit different and required time to complete. As Discussed no technical Challenges were faced during this project. Figure 1: Input Data Schema Figure 2: Output Data Schema Figure 3: Sample Input Dataset figure 3 is pandas dataframe which was fetched from google cloud database there were 7 columns and 13290 rows. Figure 4: Sample Output Dataset figure 4 is output pandas dataframe after data cleaning and modeling of sentiment identification there are 13 columns and 13290 rows. Figure 5: Sentiments assignment based on polarity figure 5 represents the identification of sentiments and tone based on polarity and subjectivity. polarity>0 then sentiment type is positive,  if the polarity<0 sentiment type is negative and if the polarity=0 sentiment type is neutral. Figure 6:  Histogram Representation of Length of Shareholder Letter 1 figure 6 is histogram plot between length of shareholder letter 1 among the final output dataset. Figure 7:  Histogram Representation of Length of Shareholder Letter 2 figure 7 is Histogram plot between length of shareholder letter 2 among the final output dataset. Figure 8: Flow Chart We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd