Title: Google LSA Ads (Google Local Service Ads) – ETL tools and Dashboards

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading marketing firm in the USA Industry Type:Marketing Services:Ads, Marketing, Campaign, Consulting Organization Size:200+ The client has a Google LSA Ads Manager Account with about 100+ accounts and wishes to collect data available through the Google LSA API daily. The client wishes to set up a private Databases that is automatically created for newly added accounts and stores all of the collected data (Lead and Phone Call data). Finally, all collected data must be presented through the Google Looker Studio Dashboards, with the design layouts as suggested by the client. The solution involves a number of Python-based ETL tools that are responsible for fetching the data from Google’s LSA API daily and updating the same in the Google BigQuery Databases. Two different tools run are: The fetched data is stored in BigQuery Databases on the client-provided (Google)manager account. Carefully curated Google Looker Studio dashboards implemented with client-suggested theme layout which are updated upon client request, represent a number of KPIs and graphs indicating major data trends. The designed dashboards have a number of data-controlling filters that filter the data account-wise and date-wise. Heroku: Cloud Application Platform Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd