Title: NER Task using BERT with data in XML-format

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:IT Services:SaaS, Products Organization Size:100+ The goal of this task is to create and implement a workflow that annotates People/Places/Organizations and assigns them a specific number (from a normdatabase). The NER-Task should be done by using Bert (NER-Germanhttps://huggingface.co/flair/ner-germanor something similar). The input to this first task is a text in XML-Format. It is important that the structuring text is not altered by the NER. This could be possible by tokenizing the XML-elements in a different/seperate way, to then run the NER with BERT and afterwards add the elements afterwards at the exact position where the initially were. The tags that were added by the NER than can be easily replaced with the required tags in the XML-format. Input Data 🡪 XML Text Tokenization 🡪 NER Model 🡪 Replace NER Tags with XML Tags 🡪 Final Output Python tool Documentation Installation VSCode For Python script Python Programming Language Named Entity Recognition (NER) FuzzyWuzzytqdmFlairPandas Data LoadingData ProcessingData Restoring During the project execution, we faced the following challenges: To solve the technical challenges, we provided following solutions as follow: The client can know easily predict the Name, Place, and Organisation from XML containing file by using our python script model. Fig. Input XML file Fig. Output XML file with predicted values. Github: https://github.com/AjayBidyarthy/Sven-Meier-XML-tool/tree/master Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd