Title: Integration of a product to a cloud-based CRM platform

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A Leading Logistics Firm Worldwide Industry Type:Logistics Services:Import, Export, Supply Chain, Logistics, Trades Organization Size:500+ The main challenge faced by the team was the integration of the two systems themselves. Since one-by-one entering of records into each module is a mundane task and a waste of valuable time we proposed the automation using APIs. The challenge was divided into two milestones and sub-tasks for each. 1. First was the ingestion of existing data into the cloud-based CRM platform. 2. Second was the question of automating the process of adding newer records to the cloud platform. The client has been provided with python scripting handling bulk data ingestion to CRM and also the script to handle daily synchronization of data. – Python – MySQL Database – Postman – TeamViewer – Automation – 3rdparty APIs – Authentication methods – Multi-Threading of function calls – bat Scripts for easier running of scripts for the client Python Frameworks like requests to build own custom client for consumption of APIs. Python Programming, Mult-threading, APIs The client provided a MySQL instance. Zoho – Writing own client-side API-consumption code handling API calls from Authentication and Other Operations as per task requirements. – Debugging of API responses was messy. – Multiple alternatives were discussed and implemented in python like conditional refreshing of API tokens. – Automation of daily synchronization handled by use of time deltas. – Logging of all operations to efficiently handle errors in the future. – Automated workflow of the client – No need for dull tasks like data entry to CRM modules everything is taken care of using logic.  https://www.exportgenius.in/ We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd