Title: Car Detection in Satellite Images

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading retail firm in the USA Industry Type:Retail Services:Retail business Organization Size:100+ The objective of this project was to detect cars in satellite images and highlight them using a bounding box. The client, Steffen Schneider, approached us with a requirement to develop a Python project that dealt in the field of computer vision. The main aim of the project was to detect cars present in a satellite image and highlight them using a bounding box. To achieve this, we decided to use the Darknet model and train it on Yolov4 dataset of cars in satellite images. We used Google Colab for coding and training the Darknet model. Kaggle was used to download the Yolov4 dataset of cars in satellite images. We preprocessed the dataset and trained the model on it. Once the model was trained, we tested it on sample satellite images and it worked perfectly fine. Finally, we created a script that detected the cars in an image and highlighted them using a bounding box. The final deliverable was a ipython Notebook presented on Google Colab. Google Colab, Kaggle, Slack(For Communication) Python Darknet(CV Model) Python programming, AI/ML. The main challenge we faced was related to the pre-processing of the Yolov4 dataset of cars in satellite images. The dataset was large and had to be cleaned and formatted before it could be used for training the model. The project was a success and the client was very happy with the final product. The car detection model worked perfectly fine on sample satellite images and could be used for further development of an application that could detect cars in real-time. https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1AoeHdZdpi0lWLf3X2G800J0VT_7wJtnE  Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd