Title: Key Audit Matters Predictive Modeling

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading business school worldwide Industry Type:R&D Services:Research & Innovation Organization Size:10000+ Do regression modeling on the data provided, cross-country determinants of Key Audit Matters (KAMs) and its usefulness to Investors and Debt Market Participants USEFULNESS TO EQUITY MARKETS In order to do the analysis and hypothesis testing, create a mapping to divide the audits into sub category and category according to the sub category and category provided in the question document. Clean the data before proceeding and calculate variables ABRET, ABVOL, CAR and CAAR according to the description provided. Created a mapping for key audit matters to label the sub category and category of the audit for further analysis and merging with other datasets on the basis of the unique keys to create a final dataset we can use to calculate and do the hypothesis testing. Calculation of variable ABRET and ABVOL is proceeded by firstly arranging the data by unique key and then the date of the data to get the sorted data. Cleaning is done on the data by removing the repetitive entries from the dataset and then selected the data around the date for which the variable is to be calculated. Similarly, calculated ABVOL in which extracted the data around the annual report filing date and mean value for 40 days interval that ends 21 days before earning announcement dates. Couldn’t proceed because dataset provided by the client was incomplete in order to calculate ABRET. R language to create mapping for the key audit matters and save data set for question 1. Python pandas library to deal with dates and extract data around annual report filing date. Data mapping, data cleaning, data manipulation, debugging Key audit matter GDP rule law Audit fee Trading data Earning date Report filing date Dataset provided by the client was too big and made my system slow when the data is loaded in the environment. Too many datasets and variables made it bit difficult to understand and time taking. Calculated the number of unique identifiers in the large dataset and sorted those. Then selected the data for 1 unique identifier and sorted dates for it and append it to the dataframe and saved group of such unique identifiers to reduce the size of the dataset and performed the calculations in loop. To tackle the difficulty of understanding the data I made a document tracking all the columns or variables present in the data. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd