Title: Marbles Stimulation using python

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading consulting firm in the USA Industry Type:IT Consulting Services:Consultanting Organization Size:100+ For all 4 cases, use a random number generator that will give you numbers between 1 & a million [1,000,000].  Whatever generator you use, make sure to adjust the numbers so that they are between 1 & 1,000,000 distributed randomly. For all tasks, we will have 5 colors, for example in Task 1, when the random number selected is between 1 & 5857 choose a bright color that is easily visible [I have called it Br. Clr. 1], for numbers between 5858 & 8678 choose another bright color [Br. Clr. 2], for numbers between 8679 & 11500 choose B (Blue), for numbers between 11501 & 50,000 choose R (Red), and > 50,000 choose G (Green). Simulate these 4 Task scenarios and represent them in a Table (1000 x 32) and collect statistics at the end. Replicate the simulation exercises for each Task with 3 different initial seed numbers. Likewise for 16 other Tasks. No Software model is being Used to Solve this Project No database were used stored complete data in MS Excel No cloud servers were used for this project Figure 1: Sample Output File for Task 12 stimulation 3  We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd