Title: Data Management – EGEAS

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:IT Services:SaaS, Products Organization Size:100+ To extract various Reports from the given input files. Reports to be extracted are: PRODUCTION COST – ANNUAL BY UNITS REPORT, SYSTEM EMISSIONS ANNUAL REPORT, RPS CONSTRAINT – ANNUAL REPORT, RELIABILITY – ANNUAL REPORT, RESERVE – ANNUAL REPORT and CAPACITY TOTALS ANNUAL REPORT. We had to extract above mentioned reports from the given .out files and store it in the respective .csv files. We were given a bunch of .out files in which various Reports were available in table format. We need to extract some of the required reports from the given files and store them in their respective .csv files. A tool had to be developed in python in order to accomplish this task. From each .out file its content extracted and stored in a list. Using regular expression, we searched the required report in the content. Another regular expression is used to mark as end of the table content. Content between the two given regular expressions is stored in a dataframe which is then stored into respective .csv file. Python Interpreter Language Used: Python Libraries Used: re, pandas, os Programming Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd