Title: Database Normalization & Segmentation with Google Data Studio Dashboard Insights

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading marketing firm in the USA Industry Type:Market Research Services:Marketing, Consultancy Organization Size:60+ To combine the different datasets. To make dashboards for each and every dataset individually. Phase – 1: In this project first of all we have to combine different datasets individually to make single file for each source. Phase – 2: Make Good looking reports for each file individually. We used pandas dataframe to combine different files to make single file for each source. We used Google Data Studio to make good looking and better reports with good UI. We have provided a Google Data Studio report file as deliverable for the project. Python, Google Data Studio, Google Chrome Python Programming and SQL queries editor. SDLC model used in this project. We have used the SDLC model as analysis, design, implementation, testing and maintenance. Data cleaning, Data Pre-processing, Data Visualisation are used in this project. We have used the traditional file systems as database storage. I used pandas dataframe to combine different datasets and made a single file of every individual source. I used Google Data Studio to make dashboard for the project. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd