Title: AI Solutions for Foreign Exchange – An Automated Algo Trading Tool

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:Financial Services Services:Trading, consulting, financial serivices Organization Size:100+ Our main objective in this project was to help with setting up with given Broker API using MT4 and extracting historical data from it, and solving different tasks which are related to extracting important values from the data. And tasks assigned by the client were related to working around the data, i.e. formatting, connecting with the IG trade broker, automating the Python script and scheduling the script accordingly. During the initial phase, we were assigned to set up an MT4 with given Broker API access to extract historical prices, which was delivered to the client. In the second phase, the client requested to implement Profit/Loss, Spread Direction and Time in Trade. There were minute tasks related to the R script, which was duly completed. In the third phase, the client was assigned a task related to distinguishing the tickers according to cluster types which he provided and implemented code to distinguish the sell and buy spread for the given STD. In the fourth phase, I implemented the logic (Profit/Loss – (1% of 1st Currency + 1% of 2nd Currency)) into the existing code and worked on retrieving Historical prices from another Broker API and retrieving Watchlist given attributes by the client. Automated the Python script to retrieve yesterday’s market price of the given list Successfully delivered set-up in MT4 for retrieving historical prices, Created logic for automating the profit and loss, Implemented code to distinguish the tickers according to the cluster type, Implemented code for distinguish the sell and buy spread for the given STD, Implemented the logic (Profit/Loss – (1% of 1st Currency + 1% of 2nd Currency)) into the existing code. Automated the Python script to retrieve yesterday’s market price. MT4, Jupyter Notebook, Excel, IG trade, Remote Desktop setup MQL, Python, R Critical thinking, Logical Thinking While setting up MT4 platform and its configurations The above-mentioned challenges were resolved after many hours of effort and understanding.  Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd