Title: GPT/OCR API

Healthcare AI ChatBot using LLAMA, LLM, Langchain Efficient Supply Chain Assessment: Overcoming Technical Hurdles for Web Application Development Streamlined Integration: Interactive Brokers API with Python for Desktop Trading Application Efficient Data Integration and User-Friendly Interface Development: Navigating Challenges in Web Application Deployment AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Methodology for database discovery tool using openai, LLMA, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:IT & Consulting Products & Services:IT Solutions, Software Development Organization Size:100+ Design and develop an API as a service backend, the API should be integrated with GPT and OCR technologies to extract documents it should be hosted on Azure All the APIs on the Azure server fastapi, gpt api, pytessaract, pypdf2 fastapi, gpt api, pytessaract, pypdf2, python python, Rest API development MS Sql Azure Main challenge in this project extracting text from images and pdfs and generate json output according to template In the apis we can upload .pdf, .docx, .png, .jpg, .jpeg, .txt files. It has basically 2 parts. We can just upload the document or we can also provide template id to process the uploaded document according to the template id. It fetches the template and document from the database and uses the ocr method to extract the text from the document. This extracted text and template are then processed by gpt api which generates the final output.. This will help users to directly upload any pdf or image and extract useful information in json format. Summarized: https://blackcoffer.com/ This project was done by the Blackcoffer Team, a Global IT Consulting firm. This solution was designed and developed by Blackcoffer TeamHere are my contact details:Firm Name: Blackcoffer Pvt. Ltd.Firm Website: www.blackcoffer.comFirm Address: 4/2, E-Extension, Shaym Vihar Phase 1, New Delhi 110043Email: ajay@blackcoffer.comSkype: asbidyarthyWhatsApp: +91 9717367468Telegram: @asbidyarthy We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd